v2.6.0 Release (#1187)
alleyinteractive/apple-news: readme.txt

== Changelog ==

= 2.6.0 =

> * Enhancement: Debugging Settings: support added for sending notification to multiple email accounts.
> * Enhancement: Debugging Settings: support added for client side validation of the email accounts.
> * Enhancement: Support added for handling deleted articles (in iCloud News Publisher).
> * Enhancement: REST Endpoints actually return a `WP_Error` if Apple News *is not* initialized.
> * Enhancement: Add a new hook, `apple_news_after_push_failure`, that fires when a post fails to be pushed to Apple News.
> * Enhancement: Support added for PHP 8.3.
> * Enhancement: Support added for PHPStan.
> * Bugfix: API Settings: fixed an issue where the latest `value` was not rendered after an update.
> * Bugfix: Fixed an issue where a root-relative image url used the wrong base url.

Reviewer: Let's reorganize this list a bit and drop the note about PHPStan (which is a code quality tool that we use but which won't mean anything to plugin users when they're reading this summary on wordpress.org):
```suggestion
* Enhancement: Support added for PHP 8.3.
* Enhancement: Support added for handling deleted articles (in iCloud News Publisher).
* Enhancement: Add a new hook, `apple_news_after_push_failure`, that fires when a post fails to be pushed to Apple News.
* Enhancement: Debugging Settings: support added for sending notification to multiple email accounts.
* Enhancement: Debugging Settings: support added for client side validation of the email accounts.
* Enhancement: REST Endpoints actually return a `WP_Error` if Apple News *is not* initialized.
* Bugfix: Fixed an issue where a root-relative image URL used the URL to the WordPress installation instead of the URL to the front-end, which WordPress allows admins to configure to be different URLs.
* Bugfix: API Settings: fixed an issue where the latest `value` was not rendered after an update.
```
